[Music]
Hey GQ is that spin and these are a few
things I cannot live
[Applause]
[Music]
without. This is an essential every
night
party. I used to have a claw. You know,
like the claw you pull and it has like
the hand. I used to have one and I left
it in Blockbuster the night before
Blockbuster shut down and I was never
able to get it back. That claw was I
missed that thing. I still think about
it. And I miss Blockbuster, too, but
Bubble
Gun. This is my crystal ball.
[Music]
I see all my fans going crazy on the
tour and I love them so
much. All my hands all sweaty and
This is my iPod Nano. I'm getting
ready for the apocalypse and I'm scared
of cyber warfare. I got all my music on
here that I need to listen to for the
rest of my life. So songs I'm taking to
the apocalypse. I'm bringing baby father
to the apocalypse. Young Lean and Willie
Nelson. That's it. Maybe Mazy
Star. Just some more phones and stuff. I
got both of them in
Japan. One of the first iPhones. iPhone
5, iPhone 2. I like the pictures they
take. But this is my baby right
here. I love this camera. It's a Reicho.
I like this camera cuz I can like you
can just spam the button, get a bunch of
pictures. I'm an amateur photographer. I
like taking pictures like flowers and
I like film cameras a lot as well.
Super organic. There's a digital camera
with film cameras is like it takes time.
You don't have unlimited tries. This is
sort of just like play around easy.
This is my essential essential essential
hard drive. Music music music. And I can
plug it into my phone and listen to it.
I started making music in fifth grade
cuz my dad makes country music. I don't
want to stop. Like I love making music
cuz I don't want to stop doing it.
Nothing ever feels like it's enough.
This is Palos Santo. Palos Santo
cleanses the air and makes everything
smell good around me, especially my
house. I do it at every hotel I go to,
to the venues to the car. I wish I could
light it in here. I go through a lot of
this. I always got to keep this on me.
I got this from my last tour, but I
don't have anywhere to spend it right
now,
so I like the
[Music]
colors. Secret
compartment. One of my essentials is my
chrome heart bag. Run it back one more
time. I feel like I smiled too much. I
mean, I liked it. One of my essentials
is my Chrome Heart
bag. I got it in Japan like two months
ago. It's big and I can put a lot of
stuff in
[Music]
it. My Chromark toothpaste friends and
family
[Music]
gift. I don't got to say too much. all
the kids out there just pick up a book
and deal with your
feelings. I wouldn't say like I got into
philosophy, but certain books, certain
things I see, it's just a part of who I
am. And I hope kids out there can take
something from it, too. So, just pick a
whole book. Not that hard, you
[Music]
know. This is my favorite cologne as of
couple days ago.
trees. It's supposed to be smoked wood,
but yeah, I got a few of them. I like
this stuff called oud and then I also
like tammed dow by dip te. But this my
favorite
[Music]
one. One of my essentials is my pocket
cross and I love Jesus and I'm about to
get baptized in a lake.